Update README files (#1591)
LiskHQ/lisk-service: services/transaction-statistics/README.md

# Lisk Service Transaction Statistics

The Transaction Statistics service, as the name suggests, is primarily responsible to compute various transaction statistics to offer users various near real-time network activity insights.

> > Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run their instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes running all microservices at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that this installation instruction is required only for development activities. For a regular Lisk Service user the official [documentation](https://lisk.com/documentation/lisk-service/) is sufficient to run an instance. The global readme file present in the root directory describes running all the microservices simultaneously.
```

## Installation

### Prerequisites

Please refer to the [README](../../README.md) in the project root directory.

## Installation

Clone the Lisk Service Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-service.git # clone repository

> cd lisk-service/services/transaction-statistics # move into transaction-statistics microservice directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd lisk-service/services/transaction-statistics # move into the transaction-statistics microservice directory
```

npm install # install required Node.js dependencies
```

## Configuration

> To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables, the user can define to customize the configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the different microservices, there are several environment variables the user can define to customize the configurations.
```

A list of the most commonly used environment variables is presented below:

> - `SERVICE_BROKER`: URL of the microservice message broker (NATS or Redis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SERVICE_BROKER`: URL of the microservice message broker (NATS or Redis).
```

> - `SERVICE_STATISTICS_MYSQL`: Connection string of the MySQL instance that the microservice connects to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SERVICE_STATISTICS_MYSQL`: Connection string of the MySQL instance that the microservice connects to.
```

> - `SERVICE_STATISTICS_REDIS`: URL of the cache storage (Redis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SERVICE_STATISTICS_REDIS`: URL of the cache storage (Redis).
```

> - `TRANSACTION_STATS_HISTORY_LENGTH_DAYS`: Number of days for which the transaction statistics needs to be build in retrospect to the application init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TRANSACTION_STATS_HISTORY_LENGTH_DAYS`: The number of days for which the transaction statistics need to be built in retrospect to the application init.
```
